docs(schema-registry): Installation guide (#6785)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs-gb/kubernetes/confluent/README.md

# Confluent

> Seldon Core 2 requires Kafka to implement data-centric inference Pipelines. By this means it gives the
> opportunity to also provide support for the ecosystem of other products from Confluent, including
> Schema Registry, Connect, and ksqlDB to enable advanced data streaming and processing capabilities
> for machine learning workflows. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Seldon Core 2 leverages Kafka for implementing data-centric inference Pipelines. This also means that Core 2 users have the ability of integrating with other products from the Kafka ecosystem, such as Schema Registry, Connect or ksqlDB in order to build custom data streaming, processing and logging solutions for machine learning workflows. 
```

Reviewer: I wanted the initial description to be Confluent-agnostic, because end-users can use other Kafka-compatibile tools from the ecosystem as well, not just Confluent's. It's fine to then document how we can integrate with Confluent specifically

* [Schema Registry](schema-registry.md)

> We welcome to help to extend these to other Confluent products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
suggest to remove for now
